README.md, before:

# GLXY

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png" height="75">](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.kaeruct.glxy/)

A simplified gravity simulator for Android, built with [libgdx](http://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/).

# Building

You can build it using gradle or Android Studio.

# Controls

## Touch gestures supported:
- Single tap: Create a new particle.
- Double tap: Put camera focus on a particle.
- Pinch: Zoom the view.
- Pan: If panning is enabled, it will pan the view.
       Otherwise, it will create a particle with momentum.

## Option bar:
- Small, Medium, Large buttons: Choose a particle size.
- Pan button: Toggle pan/slingshotting particles.

## Settings menu (cog icon):
- Pause: Toggle pause.
- Particle trails: Show / don't show.
- Collision mode: Bounce / merge particles.
- Reset zoom: Resets the zoom to default.
- Reset particles: Removes all the particles from the field.

# Screenshots
<img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" width="400" /> <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" width="400" />

<img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png" width="400" /> <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png" width="400" />

# Donate

[![Donate using Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/assets/widgets/donate.svg)](https://liberapay.com/KaeruCT/donate)

Commit message:

Add background, change controls for following and other minor UI improvements

README.md, after:

# GLXY

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png" height="75">](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.kaeruct.glxy/)

A simplified gravity simulator for Android, built with [libgdx](http://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/).

# Building

You can build it using gradle or Android Studio.

# Controls

## Touch gestures supported:

- Single tap:

  If panning is enabled, follow the tapped particle.
  
  Otherwise, create a new particle.
  
- Pinch: Zoom the view.

- Panning / Dragging:
  If panning is enabled, it will pan the view.
  
  Otherwise, it will create a particle with momentum.

## Option bar:

- Small, Medium, Large buttons: Choose a particle size.
- Pan / Follow button: Toggle between panning/following or sling-shotting particles.

## Settings menu (cog icon):

- Pause: Toggle pause.
- Particle trails: Show / don't show.
- Collision mode: Bounce / merge particles.
- Reset zoom: Resets the zoom to default.
- Reset particles: Removes all the particles from the field.

# Screenshots

<img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" width="400" /> <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" width="400" />

<img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png" width="400" /> <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png" width="400" />

# Donate

[![Donate using Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/assets/widgets/donate.svg)](https://liberapay.com/KaeruCT/donate)
